Regression Metrics:
    Spearman Correlation
    Normalized root mean squared error
    R2 Score
    Normalized Mean Absolute error

Bar Graph is used to find the Outliers in the data and generally used for discrete variables
Histogram is used to find skewness and used for Continuous variables

Manually building models is daunting task for Deep Learning Models.So a few API's given by Microsoft
Azure Cognitive Services:
  Decision: Make smarter decisions faster
    Anomaly Detector: Identify potential problems early on.
    Content Moderator: Detect potentially offensive or unwanted content.
    Metrics Advisor: Monitor metrics and diagnose issues.
    Personaliser:Create rich, personalised experiences for every user.
  Language: Extract meaning from unstructured text
    Immersive Reader: Help readers of all abilities comprehend text using audio and visual cues.
    Language Understanding: Build natural language understanding into apps, bots and IoT devices.
    QnA Maker: Create a conversational question and answer layer over your data.
    Text Analytics: Detect sentiment, key phrases and named entities.
    Translator: Detect and translate more than 60 supported languages.
  Speech: Integrate speech processing into apps and services.
    Speech to Text: Transcribe audible speech into readable, searchable text.
    Text to Speech: Convert text to lifelike speech for more natural interfaces.
    Speech Translation: Integrate real-time speech translation into your apps.
    Speaker Recognition: Identify and verify the people speaking based on audio.
  Vision: Identify and analyse content within images, videos and digital ink
    Computer Vision: To recognize faces ,generate metadata of the images
       Analyze and describe images: For analyzing the image
       OCR: To extract text in images
       handwritten OCR: To extract text
       Recognizing celebrities and landamarks: recognizing well renowed persons
    Ink Recognizer: To identify digital ink written on Computer
    Face: Face Api's to get properties ,emotions ,gender ,compare faces
       Face Detection
       Face verification
       Perceived emotion recognition
    Video Indexer: To get metadata of the video.
    Custom Vision: To detect helmets and upload the images related to custom stuff
    Form Recognizer: To extract data about invoices,pdf based form, context of the document is delivered + OCR
  Web Search: Find what you’re looking for from the world-wide-web
    Bing Autosuggest: Help users complete queries faster by adding intelligent type-ahead capabilities.
    Bing Custom Search: Create a custom search engine with ad-free results.
    Bing Entity Search: Recognize and classify named entities, and find search results based on them.
    Bing Image Search: Add a variety of search image options to your app.
    Bing News Search: Turn any app into a news search resource.
    Bing Spell Check: Help users identify and fix word breaks, slang, names, homonyms, and brands.
    Bing Video Search: Add advanced video search features to your app.
    Bing Visual Search: Enable users to search using images.
    Bing Web Search: Enable safe, ad-free, location-aware search for your users, surfacing relevant information from web results, images, news, videos, and visuals.
Azure Bot Service:

    